fantasy football it's a big deal people
loving we have a 12-man League and I
told 10 out of the 12 people in the
league Chris Berg we're gonna stage a
fake mutiny yeah of it on it and change
the keeper rule which is a fundamental
rule the day of the draft and I
purposely didn't tell to people in the
league who take it the most seriously
we'll have a little talk with the
commish okay he's in charge of the leak
and he Xena so Daniel
alright Sylvia Jeff they are very
adamant about the rules and I mean it's
surprising how how dedicated Sylvia is
considering she's a girl and she goes
nothing football Jeff bails been
studying for this draft for the last
five months it loves the week and he
plans on winning so if we can convince
Jeff and sills that were not doing
people's Jeff's gonna freak out silves
is a really little person oh and she
barely ever talks but still wild card
what Josh ooh sorry hang that weekend I
have keepers this year and he's like
getting a lot of people that I don't
know even he found me about
love is your back what well I don't
think in hindsight you could roll up I
understall the josh bowman if you vote
on this eight weeks it would be a little
more sense who wants Garrett keepers and
for this year talking about this year
yeah for this crap I mean not just
absolute bullshit
I will not be as well I will map in
every 100 nutritionals yeah look at here
ago because you know the shitty keeper
that's not our fault can ya borrow it's
good for this Pitman keepers gotta be
fucking very rules that everyone died
you're doing you only to the Internet
don't want keeper I don't want to keep
do
I don't want to be a dick but when you
did yes this is bullshit the number text
about this not a single message text
from your mother there isn't even a
board there's not a this is okay no I'm
give a fuck helmet you got 11 out of 12
yo gimme it's just very outside
ourselves I mean dog shows we have
additional ships wanna do it ebers lady
hardly knows it's ridiculous I have a
proposal okay how about if this whole
thing was just a joke on you and it
complex but all this time likely known
are you who are you